Clarification on containers immutability (#37960)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/_index.md

the code and any runtime it requires, application and system libraries,
and default values for any essential settings.

> Containers are designed to be stateless and immutable: you should not change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers are intended to be stateless and
[immutable](https://glossary.cncf.io/immutable-infrastructure/):
you should not change
```

the code and any runtime it requires, application and system libraries,
and default values for any essential settings.

Containers are intended to be stateless and
[immutable](https://glossary.cncf.io/immutable-infrastructure/):
you should not change
the code of a container that is already running. If you have a containerized
application and want to make changes, the correct process is to build a new

> image that includes the change, then recreate the container to start from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image that includes the change, then recreate the container (on Kubernetes,
this means starting a replacement Pod) with a definition that runs the
```
